# Introduction to Data Science: What Type of Coffee Bean is the Most Versatile?
Coffee is one of the most popular and universal beverages in this day and age. According to Sratista, approximately 166.63 million 60kg coffee bags were consumed worldwide in 2020-2021 (Statista 2023) . As it is also a necessity in multiple regions around the world, the value of coffee has gained not only economical, but also societal and cultural importance. Cafes, for example, have now become trendy with many students, especially, enjoying the aesthetics of studying with a ‘for-here’ mug of good coffee. Most importantly, the largest contributor for whether coffee is profitable or not is the quality of the beans consumed.Although it can be locally farmed, the major coffee-producing regions are located along the ‘Bean Belt’; which includes Central and South America, Africa, and the Middle East and South Asia (Halo Coffee, 2020). There are also two main species for the coffee beans used today: Arabica and Robusta, with the most popular being Arabica.

Our aim for this exploratory analysis as fellow coffee enthusiasts, is to identify the most versatile and profitable coffee bean that cafes should use in order to be the most successful. In order to identify this bean, we will use the country of origin and region in which it was produced. By versatility, we mean the coffee bean that is the most flavourful, long-lasting, and resilient. This will be defined by specified ranges of variables we will be testing, in which the qualitative ones are readily given a score from 0-10. All of thiswill allow us to find the bean of highest quality
